cmd: update version ref. (#1814)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/version.md

`dvc version` outputs the following information about the system/environment:

| Line                                        | Detail                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`DVC version`](#components-of-dvc-version) | Version of DVC, and name of the binary or package manager (`pip`, `conda`, etc.) used to install DVC (along with a Git commit hash in case of a development version) |
| `Platform`                                  | Version of Python in the environment where DVC is initialized, and information about the operating system                                                            |

> | `Supports`                                  | Type of [remote storages](/doc/command-reference/remote/add#supported-storage-types) that are supported (their required dependencies are installed)                  |

Reviewer: - Type of remote storages -> Types of remote storage
- that are supported -> "supported by this instance of DVC"? Something like that

> | `Supports`                                  | Types of [remote storages](/doc/command-reference/remote/add#supported-storage-types) supported by current DVC (their required dependencies are installed)           |

Reviewer: > supported by current DVC

Bad grammar.

Reviewer: I see this is changed but I can't detect the changes in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1814/files#diff-b78fd7ff9804c0395699483d2b3eaba7 ... Will resolve and reopen I guess.

> | `Supports`                                  | Types of [remote storages](/doc/command-reference/remote/add#supported-storage-types) supported by current DVC setup (their required dependencies are installed)     |

Reviewer: remote storage
THE current DVC setup

Reviewer: This lack of "the"s is really bad.

> | `Cache types`                               | [Type of links](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache) supported (between <abbr>workspace</abbr> and <abbr>cache</abbr>)      |

Reviewer: Type  -> Types

| `Cache directory`                           | Filesystem type (e.g. ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>cache</abbr> directory is mounted                                                               |

> | `Workspace directory`                       | Filesystem type (e.g. ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>workspace</abbr> directory is mounted                                                           |

Reviewer: The term "workspace directory" is redundant, especially in `<abbr>` because its defined as a "directory". Removing:
```suggestion
| `Workspace directory`                       | Filesystem type (e.g. ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>workspace</abbr> is mounted                                                           |
```

> | `Cache directory`                           | Filesystem type (e.g., ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>cache</abbr> directory is mounted                                                               |
> | `Workspace directory`                       | Filesystem type (e.g., ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>workspace</abbr> directory is mounted                                                           |

Reviewer: You may be right that having the comma is more common in American English at least (from what I just looked up) but we don't really use it anywhere so for consistency, I'll remove it:
```suggestion
| `Cache directory`                           | Filesystem type (e.g. ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>cache</abbr> directory is mounted                                                               |
| `Workspace directory`                       | Filesystem type (e.g. ext4, FAT, etc.) and drive on which the <abbr>workspace</abbr> directory is mounted                                                           |
```

| `Repo`                                      | Shows whether we are in a DVC repo and/or Git repo                                                                                                                   |

> If `dvc version` is executed outside a DVC project, neither `Cache` nor

> > `Workspace` info is printed.

Reviewer: are?

Reviewer: Not sure. Maybe rephrase in an unambiguous form.

Author: Updated this.

> > executed outside a DVC project.

Reviewer: and -> or
executed -> used

| Line                                        | Detail                                                                                                                                                                |
| ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [`DVC version`](#components-of-dvc-version) | Version of DVC (along with a Git commit hash in case of a development version) and name of the package manager (`pip`, `conda`, etc.) or binary used to install DVC   |

Reviewer: Should the parenthesis be at the end?

Reviewer: and `,` before "and name of the package" pls

Author: > Should the parenthesis be at the end

Moved it to the end. But I think it's better suited after "Version of DVC" only.

Reviewer: Thanks. The first half of this sentence is easier to read without interrupting it with the parenthesis. And "etc." in this case includes things like `deb` or `exe`, which are binaries 🙂. Resolving

> | `Platform`                                  | Version of Python used in the environment where DVC is initialized and information about the operating system of the machine                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Platform`                                  | Version of Python in the environment where DVC is initialized, and information about the operating system                                                             |
```

> | `Supports`                                  | Shows remote types that have all needed dependencies installed                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: > Shows remote types that have all needed dependencies installed

Let's rewrite this to something more high level (down-to-earth explanation) please.

> | `Cache types`                               | [Type of links](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache) supported between the <abbr>workspace</abbr> and the <abbr>cache</abbr> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Cache types`                               | [Type of links](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache) supported (between <abbr>workspace</abbr> and <abbr>cache</abbr>        |
```

> | `Cache directory`                           | Shows the filesystem type (eg. ext4, FAT, etc.) and mount point of the <abbr>cache</abbr> directory                                                                   |

Reviewer: Please let's thing through text, don't just copy/paste. Thanks:

- No need for "Shows the"
- eg. -> e.g.
- Is "mount point" a well-known term? (I honestly don't know.)

> | `Workspace directory`                       | Shows the filesystem type and mount point of the <abbr>workspace</abbr> directory                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Same as above, plus let's keep the type example parenthesis (why not?)

Author: It was just same thing repeating as above sentence so I removed it. But it would we better to keep it.

Reviewer: Yeah the whole thing repeats, it's OK. Thanks, resolving

The detail of DVC version depends upon the way of installing DVC.

- **Official release**: a stable version of DVC (for example `1.7.4`), that can
  be [installed](/doc/install) using the official package stored in
  [Python Packaging Authority](https://www.pypa.io/) or with a binary. These
  releases are tagged in the DVC repository (see
  [changelog](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/releases) for release history).

  If there are any issues reported with the official build, they can be traced
  using the official version number.

- **Development version**: contains all the changes done to the `master` branch
  of DVC's repository, following the latest official release (for example

>   `1.7.4+292cab.mod`) . It can be

Reviewer: > contains all the changes ... (for example `1.7.4+292cab.mod`)

That parenthesis no longer makes sense. Is that an example of the changes contained in the dev version? Please, when rewriting sentences don't leave old chunks there without making sure it's still readable. Feel free to make more sentences to keep that other important info (the dev version number example) if needed.

Reviewer: But in fact you can just remove it in this case, as mentioned in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1814#pullrequestreview-505852333

Reviewer: I'll do it so we can merge this now:

```suggestion
- **Development version**: contains all the changes done to the `master` branch
  of DVC's repository, following the latest official release. It can be
```

  [installed](/doc/user-guide/contributing/core#development-environment) after
  cloning DVC's repo. Running this setup may result in usage issues, as it
  contains changes that might not be ready to release yet.

  Any errors reported with the development version can be traced using the Git

>   commit hash displayed in the output of `dvc version` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commit hash displayed in the output of `dvc version` , for example:
```

The detail of DVC version depends upon the way of installing DVC.

- **Official release**: a stable version of DVC (for example `1.7.4`), that can
  be [installed](/doc/install) using the official package stored in
  [Python Packaging Authority](https://www.pypa.io/) or with a binary. These
  releases are tagged in the DVC repository (see
  [changelog](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/releases) for release history).

  If there are any issues reported with the official build, they can be traced
  using the official version number.

> - **Development version**: is a pre-release version of DVC (for example

Reviewer: Actually pre-release is something else. See https://dvc.org/doc/install/pre-release

So let's not use that term here.

  `1.7.4+292cab`). It can be
  [installed](/doc/user-guide/contributing/core#development-environment) using
  the master branch of DVC's repository. This version contains all the changes
  done in the master branch after the latest official release.

>   Installing development version may result in usage issues, as it contains

Reviewer: THE

Reviewer: Installing it results in usage problems? It's a complicated and slightly inaccurate sentence. Can you rewrite this in simple, direct language please?

Reviewer: "ready to publish" also not the best phrase when referring to software. Maybe "release"?

  changes that might not be ready to publish yet. Any error reported with this

>   setup can be traced using Git commit hash displayed in the output of

Reviewer: "using Git commit" ?

Reviewer: the the the 😭

>   `dvc version` like this: `1.7.4+292cab.mod`. The part before `+` is the

Reviewer: > `1.7.4+292cab.mod`

A different example was given in ther previous paragaph: `1.7.4+292cab`. What's the difference? It's confusing to have 2.

Reviewer: Ah yeah. "The optional suffix `.mod` means that code is modified."

Hm... Still I would only keep this 2nd dev version number example.

The detail of DVC version depends upon the way of installing DVC.

> - **Official release**: official releases (for example `1.7.2`) are stable

Reviewer: Let's use the same example version number everywhere please.

> - **Official release**: official releases (for example `1.7.2`) are stable

Reviewer: > Official release: official releases

Repetitive

> - **Official release**: is a stable version of DVC (for example `1.7.4`), that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Official release**: the stable version of DVC (for example `1.7.4`), that
```

>   versions that have upgraded features and bug fixes.

Reviewer: upgraded features? Not sure what you mean here.

Reviewer: Probably no need to mention bug fixes. All releases have those anyway.

  [These instructions](/doc/install) include ways to install DVC using the

>   official package stored in [Python Packaging Authority](https://www.pypa.io/).

Reviewer: Do you understand how this sentence is relevant? (I realize it was there before.) I honestly don't see a relationship with explaining official release numbers, which is basically [semver](https://semver.org/).

I'd just rewrite all of this from scratch.

Reviewer: Your new text here makes more sense @imhardikj, thanks!

>   releases are marked with tags in the DVC repository (see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  releases are tagged in the DVC repository (see
```
Please keep the language as simple as possible.

  We mark these official releases with

>   [tags](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/releases) on DVC's repository. Any

Reviewer: How about `Releases are [tagged](...) in the DVC repository.` ? Simple, direct.

Reviewer: p.s. we could take the opportunity to mention that's our changelog, or use the term somehow in the sentence.

  issues reported with the official build can be traced using the
  `_BASE_VERSION` constant in our

>   [core repo](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/master/dvc/version.py).

Reviewer: > Any issues reported...

Again, TBH I don't get what this is talking about. Why are we talking about issues? What is this trying to say? I honestly am not sure. Let's always try to fully understand the text we're working with when doing holistic rewrites like this one. We can ask the team on Discord if needed.

Reviewer: > I honestly am not sure.

My guess is that since `dvc version` is required to formally report bugs, etc. on the core repo, they wanted to say something about that but is it really relevant to know about _BASE_VERSION to the end-user? Prob not. Is there anything to save about this though, and should it be in the same paragraph? Thanks

Author: I think `_BASE_VERSION` is explained here because it's used again in next part (Development version). I have made it as a new paragraph. 
We can actually move this explanation to Development version point and use a simple explanation here like: "report issue with version displayed in output....."

Reviewer: Thanks. I still think we don't need to talk about _BASE_VERSION at all, in neither place. Let's just remove it completely? You can substitute for "official version number" in the **Development version** section.

  > 💡 To only get this number, use `dvc -V`.

- **Development version**: `pip install git+git://github.com/iterative/dvc` will
  install DVC using the `master` branch of DVC's repository. Please see
  [development version](/doc/user-guide/contributing/core#development-environment),

>   another way of setting it up.

Reviewer: Hmmm. Again, should there be a pip install... code block that doesn't correspond to the instructions in https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/contributing/core#development-environment?

>another way of setting it up.

That's the problem. We probably shouldn't have 2... Let's double check which one to keep but most likely the one in the contrib guide only (so just the link is needed). Let's bring this up in Discord for confirmation though, please.

Author: Yea I think if both aren't needed. The link to contribution guide is better since in that method user can also make commits. Contribute basically.
> Let's bring this up in Discord for confirmation

Should I put this up on #Dev-Docs channel for confirmation?

Reviewer: I see you removed it for now but yes, let's ask on Discord. #q-and-a is better in this case. You can link to the currently published dvc version ref and ask why is that pip install different than the instructions in the docs contrib guide, which one is better, are both useful in different scenarios, etc. Thanks

Reviewer: I see you asked in https://discord.com/channels/485586884165107732/563406153334128681/764562383825272872, thanks. That's not the question we're trying to answer though. I re-asked in https://discord.com/channels/485586884165107732/563406153334128681/764910839987699752 — let's hope we get an answer before this is ready to merge...

Reviewer: I guess not 😅 — well, we can always come back to this on a separate PR.

Reviewer: OK I pinged the team internally and here's the answer:

> Hmm, as far as I know,
`pip install git+git://github.com/iterative/dvc`
is just a convenience method for git clone && cd && pip install .
To do our development installation, we could update it to look as follows: `pip install git+git://github.com/iterative/dvc#egg=dvc[all,tests]`
But to be honest, its just git clone and pip install packed into a single command. Since it does pretty much the same, I would say we can get rid of that - in case of development installation, we don't have to provide every possible way to do that.

So it looks like it's OK to just remove it as we've done.

>   run tests on DVC.

Reviewer: Sorry. this is not a logical change. Just removing part of the sentence and leaving another one isn't good writing. Please read through this and rewrite it in a way that makes sense. What is this talking about? It's not about the dev version or what it does. It's about the possible component of the DVC version number printed by this command.

Please also review the next paragraph about the master branch (which was already tehre), it could be shorter and better written. Thanks

  reported with the official build can be traced using the `_BASE_VERSION`
  constant
  [in our core repo](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/master/dvc/version.py).

>   For example `1.7.4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example `1.7.2`.
```

>   For example `1.7.2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example `1.7.4`.
```

  to publish yet. Therefore, installing with this method might result in usage
  issues. To trace any error reported with this setup, we need to know exactly
  which version is being used. For this we rely on a Git commit hash that is

>   displayed in the output of `dvc version` like this: `1.7.2+292cab.mod`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  displayed in the output of `dvc version` like this: `1.7.4+292cab.mod`. The
```

  part before `+` is the `_BASE_VERSION`, and the following part is the commit
  hash of the tip of the `master` branch. The optional suffix `.mod` means that
  code is modified.

> - **Package manager or Binary**: This part shows how DVC was downloaded and
>   [installed](/doc/install).

Reviewer: This sentence is correct, thanks. But notice we don't often complete sentences starting with use upper case after `:` for some reason. Let's keep that style for consistency (just commit this):

```suggestion
- **Package manager or Binary**: shows how DVC was downloaded and
  [installed](/doc/install).
```

Reviewer: ^ Also notice corrected case of "binary".

Reviewer: Should "Binary" be mentioned before "package manager" though? Or the list below reordered (it starts with binary types). I think the latter.

Author: > it starts with binary types

True "Binary" should actually come before "package manager".

>   DVC can be installed from one of the binary release:

Reviewer: releases

```dvc
$ dvc version

DVC version: 1.7.4 (pip)
---------------------------------
Platform: Python 3.8.3 on Linux-5.4.0-47-generic-x86_64-with-debian-buster-sid

> Supports: All remotes

Reviewer: > Supports: All remotes

That's still outdated. Did you actually run the command?

Author: Yes I checked command on both linux and windows.
This is shown because I installed dvc with: `pip install "dvc[all]"`.

Author: For example if I installed DVC using `pip install "dvc[s3]"`, this will be the output:
`Supports: gs, hdfs, http, https, s3`

Reviewer: > This is shown because I installed dvc with: pip install "dvc[all]".

I see. I thought it would always list the remotes even if it's all of them. That would be better... But if this is how it works, OK. Let's use an example other than "All remotes" though 🙂 — more interesting.

Author: Changed this example. It shows only some remotes now.

Reviewer: This is unchanged.

Author: Actually I changed this in the next example (on line 130). I added a block quote too which explained the reason. Sorry for confusion.

Reviewer: FTFY
```suggestion
Supports: gs, hdfs, http, https, s3
```

> Cache types: hardlink, symlink

Reviewer: Is this your actual output atm? You don't get `reflink` on Linux by default?

Author: No, I didn't get `reflink` . I think this is because of `ext4` file system.
According to this [blog](https://dev.to/robogeek/reflinks-vs-symlinks-vs-hard-links-and-how-they-can-help-machine-learning-projects-1cj4), `reflink` works only on `BTRFS`, `XFS` and `OCFS2` file systems.

Reviewer: Good find. Can you quickly check if this is documented somewhere other than the blog? How did you find that blog post BTW, Google? 🙂

Author: Yeah I googled for information on `reflinks`.

Reviewer: OK. Can you quickly check if this is documented somewhere other than the blog?

Author: Other than this only source I was this [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_file_systems) page about filesystems. In table Allocation and layout policies, there is a column named "copy on write" (which I found to be same as reflinks). It shows which all filesystems support "copy on write".

Reviewer: No, I meant in our docs of course. Is this information or some general note that reflinks only work on some file systems in there? Not in the blog:

> According to this blog, reflink works only on BTRFS, XFS and OCFS2 file systems

Author: It's actually document in the docs,[here](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache) in file link types.

Author: So [File link types](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache) shows up on google while searching "reflinks supported file systems" but it comes on like 3th or 4th page.

Reviewer: OK. So we're covered then. DVC is not about "reflinks supported file systems" at all so I'm surprised we even come up in search results. BTW not sure why we're talking about SEO..? Anyway, resolving!

Cache directory: ext4 on /dev/sda1
Workspace directory: ext4 on /dev/sda1
Repo: dvc, git
```

Outside a DVC project:

```dvc
$ dvc version

DVC version: 1.7.4 (pip)
---------------------------------
Platform: Python 3.8.3 on Linux-5.4.0-47-generic-x86_64-with-debian-buster-sid

> Supports: All remotes

Reviewer: >Supports: All remotes 

Sill outdated

```dvc
$ dvc version

DVC version: 1.7.4 (pip)
---------------------------------
Platform: Python 3.8.3 on Linux-5.4.0-47-generic-x86_64-with-debian-buster-sid
Supports: All remotes
Cache types: hardlink, symlink
Cache directory: ext4 on /dev/sda1
Workspace directory: ext4 on /dev/sda1
Repo: dvc, git
```

Outside a DVC project:

```dvc
$ dvc version

DVC version: 1.7.4 (pip)
---------------------------------
Platform: Python 3.8.3 on Linux-5.4.0-47-generic-x86_64-with-debian-buster-sid

> Supports: gs, hdfs, http, https, s3
> ```
> 
> > Notice that in the above instance of DVC only four types of remotes are
> > supported this is because only their dependencies are installed.

Reviewer: I guess it's good to have an example of both. But I would keep this one last:
````suggestion
Supports: All remotes
```
````

The note below is no needed, as the meaning of the `Supports` field is already explained in the description.

Reviewer: Committing this.
